README.md, before:

# HubSpot-Developer-Extension
A Chrome/Chromium extension for HubSpot Developers that adds useful shortcuts to commonly used HubSpot Query Parameters, and tools for making HubSpot Development easier and more enjoyable.

If you find a bug or want to request a feature please report it in our GitHub Issues.

If you'd like to contribute let us know!

[We're in the Chrome Store!](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/hubspot-developer-extensi/gebemkdecnlgbcanplbgdpcffpdnfdfo)
The Chrome store version is the stable build, and will get updates over time.

If you prefer to fly by the seat of your pants with wreckless abandon, test one of the experimental/beta builds:

1. just view a different branch
2. hit download as zip(if you just plan to use it and not contribute).

3. Open your chrome extensions (chrome://extensions/) screen
4. enable developer mode,
5. load unpacked and choose the folder you just downloaded.

Let us know in issues if you run into any bugs, also please note which branch you're using!

Note: if you are not using git to keep that folder up to date(you chose zip instead) understand that the extension will not get updates, you need to manually update it. If you are using the web store version you will get updates.

## Common courtesy for contributions:

For all feature additions and major changes create a feature branch(don't work directly on the master branch)
Then when you're ready to merge into the master branch submit a pull request.

Commit message:

added more how to contribute instructions

README.md, after:

# HubSpot-Developer-Extension
A Chrome/Chromium extension for HubSpot Developers that adds useful shortcuts to commonly used HubSpot Query Parameters, and tools for making HubSpot Development easier and more enjoyable.

[We're in the Chrome Store!](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/hubspot-developer-extensi/gebemkdecnlgbcanplbgdpcffpdnfdfo)
The Chrome store version is the stable build, and will get updates over time.

If you prefer to fly by the seat of your pants with wreckless abandon, test one of the experimental/beta builds:

1. just view a different branch
2. hit download as zip(if you just plan to use it and not contribute).

3. Open your chrome extensions (chrome://extensions/) screen
4. enable developer mode,
5. load unpacked and choose the folder you just downloaded.

Let us know in issues if you run into any bugs, also please note which branch you're using!

Note: if you are not using git to keep that folder up to date(you chose zip instead) understand that the extension will not get updates, you need to manually update it. If you are using the web store version you will get updates.

## How to Contribute:

 [We denote easy/small issues that are good for beginners. but feel free to tackle any you see in issues or add a feature you want](https://github.com/williamspiro/HubSpot-Developer-Extension/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22good+first+issue%22)
For all feature additions and major changes create a feature branch(don't work directly on the master branch). 
Name the branch [feature-name]-feature (without brackets) this helps others understand what your branch does.

Then when you're ready to merge into the master branch submit a pull request. This enables others to review your work and suggest changes. This will help your code be more futureproof and prevent conflicts. For example if you add a feature that overlaps in functionality with a feature someone else is developing, this can help resolve those issues.

If you're fixing a bug in master that isn't a major change, feel free to commit to master directly.
